4-3-8, why are you here?
Okay, it turns out you are a family,
Hiding here. Boss,
Brother Niu, this is 4-3-8,
Not only did he beat me, he threatened to beat our children as well,
Yes, that's me,
You never want to see your children again in this life.
Mom, you should have told me earlier!
You can try this 30%,
You were the first to feel it, so why did you write about me?
Do you know where this is?
How dare you talk to me like this?
You can only talk to me in a humble way
Watch your company go through the motions
Have you been fooled?
Look what are you talking about?
I have to help you, this guy who is facing Jun
Our family is so cooperative
Maybe you are asking me with your eyes like this?
What did you say?
Say you guys are not weak
Or do you mean you are not allowed to connect?